updated the values on the buttons in the example and make the css exp… (#24130)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/content-visibility/index.md

#### CSS

> The `content-visibility` property is set on the paragraph a child of the containing div. This means that the content in the paragraphs will be visible or hidden depending on the class of the parent div element.

Reviewer: I think we're still missing something, what do you think of:

```suggestion
The `content-visibility` property is set on paragraphs that are direct children of elements with the `visible` and `hidden` classes. In our example, we can show and hide content in paragraphs depending on the CSS class of parent div elements.
```
